What the f*ck did you just f*cking say about me, you little b**ch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the f*ck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my f*cking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, f*cker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re f*cking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your f*cking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re f*cking dead, kiddo.

There's a reason why you're stuck in bronze. It's because you think differently than the diamonds. Start thinking like a diamond.

Someone talking shit?

I'll tickle those balls boy, don't square up you'll just be open to these fingers.

Hey guys I'm not gay, I play football. I accidentally clicked this game because I thought my mouse was hovered over the hot girls pornsite. Well, since I'm here I had a question let's say hypothetically I had gay thoughts (lol yea right) and I found my close friend attractive (ew gross) and one day we had sex in the back of my car after football practice (I would puke...the only thing I bang is chicks with big tits you know what I'm saying lol) but we didn't kiss. Would that be gay? So that wouldn't make me gay right?

I sexually identify as a Attack Helicopter.
I sexually identify as an Attack Helicopter. People say to me that a person being a helicopter is Impossible and I'm f*cking retarded but I don't care. I'm beautiful. From now on I want you guys to call me "Apache" and respect my right to kill from above and kill needlessly. Thank you for being so understanding.

You are a f*cking worthless brainded scumf*ck bastard pile of trash mental d*ckface that should be gunned down in the street like the degenerate you are.

She placed her finger on his lips, "Shhh" She said playfuly, "I know what you want".
DEMACIA!
The end.

U r bad u fgt fking nob.
U r now rtg taggeed u wil get banned by RitoManc0ck.
dongerino is dis coincidence or is dis reali life le trol trol.
pls halp rito i am very dongerino distressed and my pizzarino is burnt and my dongerino is droopy.
rito pls do it for the africean chile children.
So I'm 17 and the girl I like is 9.
I met her last week while playing league.
We became friends and Skyped a lot.
It was fun because we watched the same anime and could relate on things.
Last night we played a few games but then I felt sorry for her. I felt as if this relationship wasn't going well because she couldn't win her lanes anymore.

THEY ARE COMIIIING!

You vow to yourself not to be caught off guard again and quietly praise your summoner for having the revive spell. Where would you find tristina this time? And what would she do to you?

You are sitting watching your respawn timer. Just twenty minutes into the skirmish, you had been killed 15 times.

Stupid fratboys.

Last time, you almost got away but Mordekaiser had to put that despicable ult on you at the last second. HE MAKES YOU SO MAD. LIKE HE'S SO SMART. THEY REQUIRE NO SKILL AT ALL.

Oh, you'd show him.

Oh f***ing god, look at this nub feeder twitch. What is up with MM today?
Yeah, i know. I asked him to pls stop feeding but he doesnt talk. Look at his items.
Zerker greaves, Malady, doran's shield, and a giant's belt. f***ing terrible. What is he thinking?
You think someone's letting their little brother play or something?
Gotta be one hell of a tard brother. He doesn't even have assists. All he does is hide in the forest and wait for Tristina.
Lol, failure lord.

You ignore them as you buy your second giant's belt. Surely, this time the goddess of LoL would grant your wishes.

Not like your ignorant teammates. They didn't understand your ambitions, your lofty goals. They were too simple minded, focusing on something trivial like conquering the enemy nexus. Yes, the scheme had been put into motion.

Alright yo, 25 mins up. Time to get outta this sh*t game.
Aw yea.

A call for surrender?? THE COWARDS.

Listen to my story boys and girls. Never love what you cannot have. Do not stare directly into the sun.

Randy! Are you down there? For gods sake, turn on the lights would you? And get out of that stuffy basement, dinner's ready!

I'll eat later!
Are you crying? You're a grown man and you're still playing computer games in your underwear? What about getting a job?

Certainly not, kind sir! I am here but to clean your chambers.
Is that all you have come here for, little one? And a good one at that.
You embarrass me, sir! Fear not. You are safe here with me.
I must finish my cleaning, sir. I have something for you. Here, polish my spear.
But it is huge! Plenty of time, my sweet. Plenty of time.

Faker, aka Riot F4K3R here. For those of you who don’t know me, I’m the best League of Legends player in the world and regularly carry my noobie “teammates” to victory.

As you know, the championship finals last year was a bit rough, lasting around 10 hours, and not something I intended to put you all through again. This is unacceptable and I will do better next year senpai.

Riot, aka Riot HQ here. For those of you who don’t know, League of Legends is a game about being nice to each other and finding lasting friendships.

As you know, League of Legends has become a salty pit for the past 10 years, and is not something we intended to put you all through again. This is unacceptable and we will do better, starting with the closure of League of Legends forever.

Any1 trashtalking yasuo has never played him on his full potential. Mostly zed mains crying when they lose to god ones. Yasuo is a 10/10 skillcap champ along with a few others among 120+ champions, and mastering him takes times + patience because one mistake in early lane can be fatal to your entire early-mid game, and if he doesnt excell in mid game his late game won't come soon enough to make the difference, mostly butthurt peeps cry about him because they never had the nerve to learn

0/0/0? Lol. And you call yourself "challenger"? Don't make me laugh. Because you're bad. Your silver fanboys might like you, but I'd f*ck you up on the rift. I'm only plat and I already get much better scores. Drop your smug little smile, kid.

Hello team, I'd like to preface this message through making you guys aware of the fact that I am a high IQ player. Some of the things I'll do this game may seem irrational at the time - but I can assure you, every action that I take has a greater meaning, and unless you also have high IQ you'll probably not understand the "questionable" things I do this game. In conclusion, do not speak to me like we are equals and there will be no problems, thank you.

I'm an admin from PinkieCraft, the pony roleplay Minecraft server!

You aren't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a player with such an ability and movement with Vayne? You can keep your statistics. I prefer the magic. And his haircut.

YESTERDAY YOU SAID TOMMOROW, Don't let your dreams be memes, Don't meme your dreams be beams, Jet fuel won't melt tomorrow's memes, DON'T LET YOUR STEEL MEMES BE JET DREAMS!

UNROLL THE TADPOLE 🐸UNCLOG THE FROG 🐸UNLOAD THE TOAD 🐸UNINHIBIT THE RIBBIT 🐸UNSTICK THE LICK 🐸UNIMPRISON THE AMPHIBIAN 🐸UNMUTE THE NEWT 🐸UNBENCH THE KENCH 🐸PERMIT THE KERMIT 🐸DEFOG THE POLLIWOG 🐸

I noticed that in your games you utilize Kog’Maws passive A LOT, but when I watch LCS players I see them go an ENTIRE teamfight without using their passive even ONCE. Are they playing the champion to its full potential or are you?

I just wanted to say how proud of you i am son, always hiding in your room playing your video games, talking to your internet friends. your mom and i think that's well and we just wanted to let you know we love you.
THOUGhtS?

I am bob. I killed my mother and my wife because I wanted to become a pro gamer. I've been playing league of legends for 10 years and after many years of trying I went to Bronze IV from Bronze. That's a huge achievement for me and my family and my wife and my mother. 

"Ok, I'm going to say this straight up. The ranked system is terrible. I've been playing since the end of s4. Ever since I started playing ranked in season 5. I just hated the placement system. This season, I win 6 and lose 4 I get bronze 2, honestly unacceptable. It's not just me, my friends have fallen victim to this every season which sucks and we know we deserve a better rank. Once you get stuck in bronze it's close to impossible to get out of the league. Teammates troll on purpose. They don't cooperate. They play for themselves. No one takes it seriously. Please do something about this.  I'm done with having to deal with people like this. It's a great game but the community is awful ( especially the bronze community). I deserve a higher rank at least silver one or gold five. I can't carry games when they feed. Don't get me wrong I'm not saying I am Faker or Bjergsen. I know damn well how to play the game and apologize for my mistakes and work on making myself better. Now I know there is room for improvement. I just don't understand why no one has taken the initiative to fix these faults in the rank system. Something needs to be done about this. I am sure I am not the only player who has trouble climbing the ladder. I hate reminiscing the old days of League Of Legends, why can't we bring these old days back. You guys are an awesome company that made an amazing game!

Hello riot, friend my name is bruno and i am big fan. i am play legends for 2 month now and am going to give up child and wife to buy new computer to start pro playing. if you can give advice me please tell thank you. sorry for bad england.

I want to f*ck Ahri so fucking bad.
F*ck you Riot Games, F*ck you for never letting me experience the joy of seeing the beauty of an Ahri Creampie in real life.

I've f*cking had it.

Sorry for being rude😔😤😉, I din’t know🤔💭 just now that you were a girl😛🚺🤤. Mind🧠 being friends?😻💏I really 💞adore💞 girls who 🎮game🎮 Maybe🤷‍♂️ we could play😏🍆🥜 some of the 🎮games🎮 together🧝‍♀️✨🧝‍♀️ some time🕰 I have messaged📲 you, 🙇‍♂️hope🙇‍♂️ for a reply📬.
I adore girls who game.

That's true happiness, gardening.
FUNDAMENTALLY, MINECRAFT IS THE GREATEST GAME EVER CREATED, AND NO OTHER GAME CAN REACH ITS CALIBER.

Oh I'm sorry. I just looked at your profile I didn't realize you where a lady. (And a beautiful one at that) I try my best to respect women. Especially women in gaming. As a matter of fact now I actually do agree with you. I'm sorry. Maybe you could even add me on PSN and we can play some games together. We could play GTA, overwatch, Minecraft, maybe even a little COD. add me xXxChildMolesterxXx. Sorry about my name. My cousin made it a while back. He is not a good person like me and does not carry my values.
Good day ma'am.
Also I PM'd you. Take a look and lmk what you think.

she's right there!
who has the time to type out actual words?
that's my home!
merry christmas!
i am so pretty.
we are so pretty.
but for the faces, the pressure is on.
and me, i'm a meh. so i gotta totally be over it all the time, you know? like meh, who cares. which is not as easy as it sounds.
i gotta be mehhhhhhhhh
cryer always has to cry, even if he just won the lottery.
cute!
NYAH, SO ADORABLE, I CAN'T TAKE IT!
it's hard to only act blasé.
just so exciting!
meh... Oh, that was really good.. meh ? meh ... 
meh ha ha...
i'm gonna be so.. meh. what are you going to do?
blah! me and the boys are gonna throw ourselves on the barbie! woo! puh-zow! gooday, mate!
why are YOU laughing, freak? ho ho ha ha ha!
now, unlike me, my parents are total pros.
oh, he was, I remember.
let's go see if you can get it right.
i have some bad news, gene, and i'm afraid that you'll have the wrong reaction.
come on! i don't want to be late!
i'm not letting you go to work today.
if you really think you're ready...
Congratulations, everyone!
What an exciting day for all of you!
i can't, it's too late!
okay, you can do this.
i'm so nervous, i could almost shrug.
he's moving!
good for him, little... wait, what?
i'm not going to run away from this.
stop, he's escaped!
no!
my name's not mike...
hey, can i come too?
today's your lucky day! let's roll!
high five? hello?
are you finished?
where, where are we?
everybody's talking about themselves! how does he know so many people?
this is so cool! wait, what's in that one!
a real friend? how's that going to get you anywhere? what you need are fans! they give you complete and unrelenting support! as long as you're on top.
poor gens, i blame myself.
i blame you, too.
i just wanted to be supported.
you just wanted a vacation.
party time!
ah! i can't do this! i can't do it!
oh!
what's he doing?
what the freak ya doing there, mate?
practicing. today is my first day.
hah low good simeans! those ah some shalp attach shays!
yes, well we have business to attend to.
whot kind off business?
monkey business.
ha ha ha ha, i sounded british.
hurray, i'm a millionaire!
laugher's always laughing, even if he's just broken his arm.
and that's where we come in.
Can I please get an F in the chat for our tasty boy Cummy? the world we live in. 
it's so... 
wonderous. 
mysterious. 
even magical.
no... 
no no no.. 
ah, i'm sure it's nothing.
look who's back! high five! i'm a bit of a celebrity here, always welcome. ow!
loser!
come on, follow me.
oh
GO LIVE IN A FUCKING SOCIETY, YOU FUCKING FORTNITE GAMER.
GO LIVE IN A FUCKING SOCIETY, YOU FUCKING FORTNITE GAMER.

Honestly in just the pre-season that I've played I have noticed that due to the recent jungle changes, that if you actually have the better jungler on your team then it is basically a free win. Before it was a meme, and now its a reality. Does anyone else feel this way?

but on a serious note its a lot easier to fall behind now and the objectives end the game for u once u get the 4th drake so yea they made it much more one sided jungle wise.

cs lead on my lane opponent, I'm pushing him in, eyeing those plates.

Next thing I know GP presses ult and a 5/0 Trist jumps out of fog of war from lane and annihilates me.

Thanks bot lane...

it's such a coinflip on whether your laners can actually win lane or not.

I really freaking miss Twisted Treeline.
I miss dominion.
I always wanted to try that! My husband talks about it all the time, he said it was really underplayed but it sounds like it would be really fun! I wish they’d bring back content like that every once in a while just for older players to have a good throwback.
I really freaking miss Nexus Blitz *hug*
I never got to play that one!!! I started playing right as it ended, but my husband loved that game mode sooooo much. I wish I played it.


How's everyone finding the jungle with the latest update?

For me its brutal. i feel worthless out there now. i can't farm to level up. Im 2 levels behind laners. I have +10 cs on them even when if im up 2 kills, my last game being a perfect example of this.

Your team doesn't influence the outcome of your game, you do.your team doesn't influence the outcome of your game, you do.
Also, building items is very important.
win the game.
Have a nice day everyone!
Is this normal?
I'm on the EuW server and I logged in today and I've lost ALL my emotes?
That can't be normal, right?
What I also found really important is letting allies take kills as well, especially if ur already fed.
